Storage (#749)
duckdb/duckdb-web: internals/storage.md

The DuckDB internal storage format is currently in flux, and is expected to change with each release until we reach v1.0.0.

## How to move between storage formats

When you update duckdb and open a database file, you might encounter an error message about incompatible storage formats, pointing to this page.
To move your database(s) to newer format you only need the older and the newer duckdb executable.

> Opening your database file with older duckdb and usign the SQL statement `"EXPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"` allows to save the whole state of the current database in use inside folder `tmp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opening your database file with the older duckdb and using the SQL statement `"EXPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"` allows you to save the whole state of the current database in use inside folder `tmp`.
```

`tmp` content will be overridden, so choose an empty/non yet existing folder.

> Starting then the newer duckdb and executing `"IMPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"` (pointing to the previously populated folder) allow to load the database, that can be then saved to the file you pointed duckdb to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then start the newer duckdb and execute `"IMPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"` (pointing to the previously populated folder) allows you to load the database, which can be then saved to the file you pointed duckdb to.
```

A bash two-liner (to be adapted with the right file names and executable locations) is:
```bash

> user@device $ /older/version/duckddb mydata.db -c "EXPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"
> user@device $ /newer/duckdb mydata.new.db -c "IMPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ /older/version/duckdb mydata.db -c "EXPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"
$ /newer/duckdb mydata.new.db -c "IMPORT DATABASE 'tmp';"
```

```

After this `mydata.db` will be untouched with the old format, `mydata.new.db` will contain the same data but in a format accessible from more recent duckdb, and folder `tmp` will old the same data in an universal format as different files.

Check [EXPORT documentation](docs/sql/statements/export) for more details on the syntax.

## Storage header

DuckDB files start with a `uint64_t` which contains a checksum for the main header, followed by four magic bytes (`DUCK`), followed by the storage version number in a `uint64_t`.

```bash

> user@device $ hexdump -n 20 -C mydata.db

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ hexdump -n 20 -C mydata.db
```
